Enough. I already know everything
Still want to lie to me
This is mine.
Of course I do.
You say this life is yours
Do you know where I found it?
It's at Xia Zhu's house, right?
I used to be good friends with Xia Zhu
I often go to his house to sleep
This quilt is what I put there
I look gullible
Qi Shao
If you don't believe me, you can ask his mother.
Zhang Yuqi
Said that Xi Shao just now the hospital said they made a mistake
Miss Xia's is not a production record.
Just a medical record for the common cold
Wrong.
How does it work yes
Please forgive me
I don't know what you misunderstood
But I really didn't lie to you.
I've been by your side for 5 years and still have no name
And now you doubt me?
I think I'm still leaving, Lily
I'm sorry. You saved my life
I said I'm responsible for you.
Oh, really?
We're getting married next month
I knew I liked you or loved me
Find a black and white classmate
You are used to
I won't spoil you